---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "solace_aclprofile Resource - terraform-provider-solace"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MsgVpnAclProfile
---

# solace_aclprofile (Resource)

MsgVpnAclProfile



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `acl_profile_name` (String) The name of the ACL Profile.
- `msg_vpn_name` (String) The name of the Message VPN.

### Optional

- `client_connect_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile connects to the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:  <pre> "allow" - Allow client connection unless an exception is found for it. "disallow" - Disallow client connection unless an exception is found for it. </pre>
- `publish_topic_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile publishes to a topic in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:  <pre> "allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it. "disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it. </pre>
- `subscribe_share_name_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a share-name subscription in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"allow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:  <pre> "allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it. "disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it. </pre>  Available since 2.14.
- `subscribe_topic_default_action` (String) The default action to take when a client using the ACL Profile subscribes to a topic in the Message VPN. Changes to this attribute are synchronized to HA mates and replication sites via config-sync. The default value is `"disallow"`. The allowed values and their meaning are:  <pre> "allow" - Allow topic unless an exception is found for it. "disallow" - Disallow topic unless an exception is found for it. </pre>
